what kind of kid would rather sit in a
crummy classroom than be out here father
goes fishing when he should be looking
for a new job don't forget mr. Johnson
your vote didn't count you're entitled
to recast your ballot in a timely manner
to do is win over one American mind I
want to know what he reads what
television shows he watches you do
anything even if it may tell your mother
so if you met my mother you'd understand
you should read all this now you people
are writing to you for how I can't help
these people you can speak
you used to stand for something both of
you what are we about winning because if
we don't win you can't do what you set
out to do
this is a moment that the whole world
will remember forever know exactly what
you mean Andy do you maybe not the only
question now is who are you going to
vote for remind me again who's
you